Update coding-style for arrow position on method/property (#6504)
SonarSource/sonar-dotnet: docs/coding-style.md

            // Action
        }
    ```

> * When using arrow property or method, the arrow is always on the same line with the declaration. Regarding the body:

Reviewer: Nitpick:
```suggestion
* When using an arrow-bodied property or method, the arrow token should be always on the same line as the declaration. Regarding the body:
```

Reviewer 2: I would call them `arrow property or method` as the original. The `-bodied` suffix is used in `expression-bodied` case and that wording isn't intuitively clear to me.

Reviewer 2: `token must be` instead of `token should be`, see [RFC 2119](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2119.txt) for this kind of wording

>   * Expression body of arrow property should be on the same line, as the property declaration. It should be on next line only when S103 is violated.

Reviewer 2: Gramarly suggestion:
```suggestion
  * Expression body of the arrow property should be on the same line, as the property declaration. It should be on the next line only when S103 is violated.
```

>   * for properties: it should be on the same line as the property declaration. It should be on the following line only when it is too long and would trigger [S103](https://sonarsource.github.io/rspec/#/rspec/S103/csharp).

Reviewer 2: If you make this a link:
* Consider making all occurrences a link in this file
* Consider using rules.sonarsource.com instead of our backend

I'd say we don't need a link for simplicity. IDE and SC will tell all contributors when S103 is violated.

>   * Expression body of method should be on the same line only for trivial cases: literal or simple identifier. Member access, indexer, invocation and other complex structures should be on the next line.

Reviewer 2: Grammarly suggestion (not proposing oxford comma)
```suggestion
  * Expression body of the method should be on the same line only for trivial cases: literal or simple identifier. Member access, indexer, invocation and other complex structures should be on the next line.
```
